It's great as a technical member of the team for you to understand the benefits of CI/CD.
This way, when you're banging your head against the wall
because of some confusing mess you've gotten yourself into,
you'll remember the benefits and they'll motivate you to keep going.
But it's quite possibly more important that you understand how
to translate these benefits to others on
the team so that they can understand
how CI/CD will benefit their area of responsibility as well.
Without the right language,
they may not hear what you're trying to say.
Remember, whenever you're attempting to convince
business people of some technical benefit,
you should always translate it to either cost or revenue,
if the benefits truly outweigh the costs of implementation,
you'll find that the business will often give you the green light.
In this way, you'll be able to operate as one team with one ubiquitous language.